All right find close pairs.
So what we're trying to do here is we're trying to find the closest pair of values that equal our soul
and so we're taking an array of values and we want to find out which of them will add up to five.
Not only that we want to return the one that is closest together so one in four add together for five
but two and three are closer because there's only two numbers between them and that is exactly what
we're looking for.
Her turn is the closest pair in terms of the difference between the two indexes indices.
Now if there isn't one we're just going to go ahead and return negative 1.
That's our objective The only hint I have for you is I use math.
Absolute or abs.
This is for this iteration.
All right so for this I did a brute force tactic where essentially just checked all the combinations
and worked my way through which is an ode to the and to solution which is kind of slow because you're
iterating through every single thing every single time each iteration.
So it's it's quite slow but it does work.
So the way I did it was I created a distance variable and I said it equals the negative negative one.
Because this is what we're going to want to modify.
So on the end here we're going to go ahead and just want to return.
Distance is equal to the negative one.
Awesome.
Now that we've done that we want to do is we want to do a a check here that says hey let's go ahead
and iterate through all our race twice or and test it right and then we're in check the value in learning
at the absolute value and see if it is greater than our distance here or equal to if it's equal to our
sum.
And then we're OK is a distance if it is awesome.
So we go through here that high equal to zero Why is less than our numbers length plus plus.
Now we're going to go ahead and iterate one more time and say Let J equal to zero.
When J is less then our numbers length J plus plus awesome.
Now that we have that we're set up to First we have to find out what is our distance something and I
mean that and create a variable for this.
And this is going to be the current number.
The numbers I
plus the numbers J.
And we actually are going to need to offset our values here.
We're going to set J equal to I plus 1 because we want to have different values that we're checking
so recent that we need to reiterate through every single one and we're going to just go ahead and minus
one off here so I don't have any any out of bounds exceptions.
So now we have that we're in what I call abs distance which is going to be the absolute value here of
the two of the values minus So we're going to have I match j.
Because index values are what we're comparing here.
Now if it is in fact true that sum is exactly equal the distance some what we're going to want to do
here is your Seven-Eleven nested if this is a distance.
If abs distance is less than distance we want to go ahead and set distance equal to ABS distance
and we're going to do one more thing here where we're going to set a system here where we have to check
for distance being equal to negative 1 because we're never going to get a negative value here.
So we're going to do is we're going to just put this little negative if we're at this point we know
we have a value.
If distance is equal to negative 1 or ABS abs distance is less than distance than this is accurate.
But see I may have made a mistake in my code somewhere.
So we are either need of one.
Why is equal numbers on length and just number japes plus plus numbers plus numbers J.
Then math thought absolute numbers and then we say sum is equal distance some distance will need one
at distance distances equal distance.
I only did it right.
I don't know what I was doing here when I put distance.
There we go.
I was like oh what's going on here.
So we're going to iterate through it the absolute value of the indexes.
We have this little logic here to handle the negative one case for our we're solving it and then we're
going to update the value and finally return it.